---
title: Nuxt.js
date: 2021-11-30T20:44:13.455Z
description: '"A overview from four Web Development Students about Nuxt.js" '
---
# **Nuxt.js**

Nuxt.js is a JS framework maintained by the tech community as is Vue.js for building Universal Vue.js apps. Their website brings a very straight-foward documentation and how to install it.

A Vue application on its own is already very powerful. However, when working on a very large application, we may experience some difficulties. For example, we may have difficulty maintaining productivity when creating the pages for our site.

Also, a Vue application by default is a SPA (Single Page Application). This is good for simplicity. However, this approach can bring us some problems depending on the application we are developing.

This framework uses the concept of SSR (Server-Side Rendering). This approach defines that all rendering of our website will take place on the server side. This means that our HTML including meta tags, our CSS and our JavaScript will be server-mounted. That way, when the browser requests a page from our website, all the necessary content will be ready and will be sent to the user at once. The result will be that our site will increase in speed and be SEO friendly, which will make it easier for you to recommend it in browsers' search engines, just what we need.

Nuxt makes all this setting for us automatically, as it uses Vue Router and Vuex in its structure, in addition to vue-meta for SEO, as we have already mentioned . That means we only need to worry about developing our files in Vue, increasing our development performance.

The Nuxt community is very active and the documentation for this framework is excellent. So, if we have any questions or problems, we won't have difficulty finding the help we need. The simple process of starting a project in Nuxt is very simple.



###### The Pros and Cons

* Easy to create an application  ( "nuxt-generate").
*

##### Learn More:

* [https://nuxtjs.org/docs/get-started/installation/](< https://nuxtjs.org/docs/get-started/installation/>)  
*